Development Report 
Testcases 
1. Customer Login Test Case
Enter username and password and verify that the customer can log in with valid credentials.
1.Navigate to the login page.
2. Enter the username and password.
3. Click the login button.
Preconditions: User is registered and signed up 
Test Data: Username = "123456", Password = "123456"
Postconditions: User is logged in and redirected to the homepage.
Expected Results: Homepage is displayed.
Actual Result: Login homepage 
Status: Login Homepage 
Executed by: Customer ID and password 

2. Register Account Test Case 
Description: Enter email, password and tick customer or worker account
Navigate to the registration page.
Enter email, password, and select "Customer" as account type.
Click the register button.
Preconditions: User already registered.
Test Data: Email =..@example.com", Password = ,,,, 
Postconditions: User is registered and received a confirmation email.
Expected Results: Registration success page and email confirmation.
Remarks: Check for the email in the spam folder as well.
3. Reset Password Test Case
Verify that users can request a password and Send email 
Navigate to the login page.
Click on "Forgot Password?".
Enter the email address and submit.
Preconditions: User must be registered with the email.
Test Data: email =...@example.com
Postconditions: Password reset email is sent to the user and change the password 
Expected Results: User receives a reset password email.

4. Select Restaurants and Items Test Case
Browse and navigate restaurants by clicking on images, add items by pressing add button or minus button.
Log in to the app
Navigate to the restaurants page.
Click on a restaurant
Click the add button next to an item to add it to the cart.
Click the minus button to remove an item from the cart.
Preconditions: User is logged in, restaurants and items are listed.
Test Data: Restaurant =", Item =, "Add" or  "Remove"
Postconditions: Selected items are added/removed from the cart.
Expected Results: Cart reflects the correct number and type of items.
Actual Result: Cart reflects the correct number and type of items
5. Enter and Process Payment Test Case
Enter payment details and press confirm
Navigate to the checkout page.
Enter valid payment details.
Click the confirm button to process the payment.
Preconditions: Items are in the cart, the user is at the checkout page.
Test Data: Card Number = Expiry = , CVV = 
Postconditions: Payment is processed, and a confirmation is shown.
Expected Results: Confirmation page displayed, indicating successful payment.
Remarks: Check if the payment gateway responds within expected time limits.
6. Confirm Delivery and Feedback Test Case

Press confirm delivery -> leave feedback or press request refund
Navigate to the order tracking page.
Click on the confirm delivery button once the order is marked delivered.
Enter feedback in the provided text box.
Submit feedback.
Preconditions: Order is placed and marked as delivered.
Test Data: Feedback = bad, pretty bad, average, good , very good
Postconditions: Delivery is confirmed, feedback is submitted.
Expected Results: Feedback submitted confirmation is displayed.

7. Request Refund Test Case
No action, system sends a message, “Pending refund, pleases check your email”
Press the request refund button.

Preconditions: Order is delivered but customer is dissatisfied.
Postconditions: Refund request is initiated.
Expected Results: System displays "Pending refund, please check your email".
Remarks: Check email for refund details or confirmation.


Jira report 
Github commits 



DroneDash User Manual
Welcome to DroneDash, your handy food-delivering app! This user manual will guide you through the various features and functionalities of the app to help you make the most out of your experience with us.
Table of Contents:
Getting Started
Browsing restaurants
Placing orders
Tracking orders
1. Getting Started:
Download and install DroneDash from the App Store/Google Play Store.
Launch the app by tapping on the DroneDash icon on your device.
Upon opening the app, you will be taken to the login page. If it’s your first time with us or you have forgotten your password, you can click the small ‘i’ button on the bottom left of the page. It will take you to the create account page or reset password page.
2. Browsing Restaurants:
After successfully logged in to the main page, you can explore a wide range of restaurants available for delivery in your area by their cuisine type, popularity, and distance. You can also click on one of the restaurants to view its details including menu, items, prices, and customer ratings.
3. Placing Orders:
After selecting the wanted restaurant, you can add dishes to cart by tapping the cart symbol on the right. To review your orders, just tap the shopping cart below to make changes or confirm the order. Then, you can give us your payment method and complete the order.
 4. Tracking Orders:
After the order’s payment is confirmed, you can select your type of drone to deliver your meal which they are different in size, price and estimated time. Then you can track the status of the drone which is responsible for your order, including the type, the position, the weight of the drone and the estimated time left to arrive. You will receive a photo of your food to see where the food is placed when arrived. After you claim the food, just tap the ‘I HAVE RECEIVED!’ button to finish the service of this order. If you haven’t got your meal, you can go for the ‘refund order’ button to apply for a refund.





